[chore] Add post-release steps (#11862)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector: docs/release.md

9. Update the release notes with the CHANGELOG.md updates.

## Post-release steps

After the release is complete, the release manager should do the following steps:

1. Create an issue or update existing issues for each problem encountered throughout the release in
the appropriate repositories and label them with the `release:retro` label. The release manager
should share the list of issues that affected the release with the Collector leads.

> 2. Update the [release schedule](#release-schedule) section of this document to remove the first
>    line and add themselves to the bottom of the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Update the [release schedule](#release-schedule) section of this document to remove the completed
releases and add new schedules to the bottom of the list.
```

just in case the previous releases were left out
